PEARC21 README.md changes (#99)
ubccr/hpc-toolset-tutorial: xdmod/README.md

Reference: [RPM Installation Guide](https://open.xdmod.org/install-rpm.html)

### Pre-Requisites Installation [Documentation](https://open.xdmod.org/9.5/software-requirements.html)

We need to install the "Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux" package so that we can install some further dependencies
```shell
[root@xdmod /] yum install -y epel-release   
```

### Open XDMoD RPM Installation [Documentation](https://open.xdmod.org/9.5/install-rpm.html)

```shell
[root@xdmod /] yum install -y https://github.com/ubccr/xdmod/releases/download/v9.5.0/xdmod-9.5.0-1.0.el7.noarch.rpm
```

--- 

## Open XDMoD Configuration [Documentation](https://open.xdmod.org/9.5/configuration.html)

**Note** This part will be brief in the PEARC2021 tutorial. These processes have been done already as part of the docker.

### System Configuration

PHP does not set a timezone by default, so we'll need to set one ourselves. We've selected `UTC` for this demo, but 
regardless of what timezone you end up using, the most important thing is to ensure that the XDMoD web server, the 

> database server, and ideally the timezone of your HPC resources, are all be the same time zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database server, and ideally the timezone of your HPC resources, are all set to the same time zone.
```

s) Save (and return to main menu)

Select an option (1, 2, s): s
```
- Type `s` and press the `Enter` key.

You will then be prompted to overwrite the resource configuration file

```shell
Overwrite config file '/etc/xdmod/resources.json' (yes, no)? [yes]
```

- Press the `Enter` key to accept the default value of `yes`.

If all goes well you will see the following: 
```shell
Writing configuration to '/etc/xdmod/resources.json'

Settings saved.

Press ENTER to continue.
```
- Press the `Enter` key.

You will then be prompted to save the resource_specs configuration file

```shell
Overwrite config file '/etc/xdmod/resource_specs.json' (yes, no)? [yes]
```

- Press the `Enter` key to accept the default value of `yes`. 

You should see the same messages as were provided when you chose to save `resources.json`, this time for `resource_specs.json`

```shell
Writing configuration to '/etc/xdmod/resource_specs.json'

Settings saved.

Press ENTER to continue.
```

- Press the `Enter` key once more to be taken back to the main XDMoD configuration menu.

## Create Admin User [Documentation](https://open.xdmod.org/9.5/configuration.html#create-admin-user)

```shell
5) Create Admin User
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XDMoD Admin user has access to the XDMoD admin dashboard. The admin dashboard is used to manage XDMoD portal user accounts and view log information. The tutorial image already has a user 'admin' with password 'admin'.
```

both readable and writable by the user that is used to generate the export
files.  By default, the web server user is expected to be apache and
the group is expected to be xdmod.  If your system uses a different
user and group then the automatic process will fail and you must set the
permissions manually.

Export File Retention Duration in Days: [31]
```

- Press the `Enter` key to accept the default value.

You should then be prompted to save these settings in the `portal_settings.ini` file
```shell
Overwrite config file '/etc/xdmod/portal_settings.ini' (yes, no)? [yes]
```

- Press the `Enter` key to accept the default value.

If the save is successful then you should see the following:
```shell
Writing configuration to '/etc/xdmod/portal_settings.ini'

Settings saved.

Press ENTER to continue.
```

### Automatically Check for Updates

```
8) Automatically Check for Updates
```

This is the final piece of setup that, while not strictly necessary for a fully operational Open XDMoD installation, 
means you will be kept up to date when the newest version is released.

- Type `8` and press the `Enter` key.

#### Enable Automatic Update Check

> Like it says on the tin, by answering `yes` your XDMoD installation will periodically check to see if there are any 

Reviewer: Is this true?

Reviewer: Answer: sort of. XDMoD does not actually do any auto checking - instead there is a line in the crontab that runs the check command once a month. They actually have to have the cron enabled for this to work.

Author: *nod* gotcha, I'll clarify that

listening on HTTPS port 443. The Site Address specified
here should match the settings in the Apache configuration.

Site Address: [https://localhost:4443/]
```
*Note: values contained in `[ ]` are default values that can be used by simply pressing the `Enter` key. These values have been modified specifically for this tutorial and may be different from the values you encounter while installing XDMoD at your home institution.*

- Press the `Enter` key.

#### Email Address
This is the email address your XDMoD installation will use as the recipient of contact and user account requests.

```shell
The email address you specify will be used as the destination for any
messages sent via the portal contact page as well as account requests.  In
addition, any log messages configured for delivery via e-mail will be sent to
this address.

Email Address: [ccr-xdmod-help@buffalo.edu]
```
- Press the `Enter` key.

#### Chromium Path
XDMoD utilizes Chromium Headless to generate its images and reports, so the next step will be telling XDMoD where it can
be found.

```shell
Chromium Path: [/usr/lib64/chromium-browser/headless_shell]
```
- Press the `Enter` key.

#### Center Logo Path

> XDMoD does support per center branding, so if you do have an image you would like to use in branding your XDMoD 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XDMoD supports a customizable logo image that is displayed in the web portal. If you have an image you would like to use in branding your XDMoD 
```

Reviewer: In the past when we have had questions about branding, the topic of color comes up - and of course we don't easily support changing the color of the widgets

Author: *nod* Makes sense

installation you can provide the path to said image here.

```shell
You have the ability to specify a logo which will appear on the upper-right
hand region of the portal.  It is advised that the height of the logo be at
most 32 pixels.

The logo is referenced by its absolute path on the file system and must
be readable by the user/group your web server is running as.

Center Logo Path: [/srv/xdmod/small-logo.png]
```
 - Press the `Enter` key.

#### Center Logo Width ( in pixels )
If you do provide a custom center image, you will also need to provide its width in pixels.

```shell
Center Logo Width: [354]
```
- Press the `Enter` key to accept the default value.

#### XDMoD Dashboard [Documentation](https://open.xdmod.org/9.5/dashboard.html)

> The new and improved XDMoD Dashboard provides users with carefully curated statistics and reports based on the level of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XDMoD Dashboard provides users with targeted statistics and reports based on the level of 
```

```shell
DB Username: [xdmodapp]
```
- Press the `Enter` key

#### DB Password

This will be the password for the DB account you entered in the last step. Please enter the following: `ofbatgorWep0`. 
Note that when you type the password the keystrokes will not be displayed on the screen. This is expected, when you are
done typing the password you can finish this step by pressing `Enter`.  

```shell
DB Password:
```
- Type `ofbatgorWep0` and press the `Enter` key.

You will then be prompted to type the password again to confirm your password choice.

```shell
(confirm) DB Password:
```
- Type `ofbatgorWep0` and press the `Enter` key.

#### Administrative DB Username
After confirming the password for XDMoD's database account, you will be prompted for the username and password of the 
admin account. 

```shell
Please provide the password for the administrative account that will be
used to create the MySQL user and databases.

DB Admin Username: [root]
```
- Press the `Enter` key.

#### Administrative DB User Password

We will next enter the administrative DB User's password. In our case that is an empty password. 

> *Note, this would never be done in production. We only do it here for ease of use during the tutorial*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note, a blank password should never be used in a production system. We only do it here for ease of use during the tutorial.*
```
